kb(gauge):tooltip for the gauge pointer (#1438)
telerik/blazor-docs: knowledge-base/gauge-pointer-tooltip.md

---

> title: Tooltip for the Gauge Pointer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Show a Tooltip for the Gauge Pointer
```

Reviewer 2: Articles can be omitted in titles ("Show Tooltip for the Gauge Pointer")

Author: @yordan-mitev , @dimodi , can we please sync on this and the below point, so we can move forward with merging the pr?

Reviewer: > @yordan-mitev , @dimodi , can we please sync on this and the below point, so we can move forward with merging the pr?

Dimo is right, omitting the article is allowed in titles as far as the meaning is still comprehensible. It is up to you to decide.

> description: How to show a Tooltip on hover of the Gauge Pointer?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: How can I show a Tooltip when the user hovers over the Gauge's Pointer?
```

type: how-to
page_title: Tooltip for the Gauge Pointer
slug: gauge-kb-pointer-tooltip
position: 
tags: gauge,tooltip,pointer,arc,circular,linear,radial
ticketid: 1535827
res_type: kb
---

## Environment
<table>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td>Product</td>
            <td>Arc Gauge for Blazor,<br />
                Circular Gauge for Blazor,<br />
                Linear Gauge for Blazor,<br />
                Radial Gauge for Blazor</td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

## Description

> I want to show a Tooltip when hovering the pointer of the Radial Gauge. How to achieve it? 

Reviewer: Try to build a logically consistent description without listing different questions.
```suggestion
How can I add a Tooltip to the Blazor Arc or Radial Gauge? I want to show a Tooltip when the user hovers over the pointer of the Radial Gauge or the Arc Gauge.
```

> How to add a Tooltip to the Arc Gauge?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Solution

> To add a Tooltip for the pointer of the Gauge, do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add a Tooltip for the pointer of the Gauge:
```

> * Set the [`Color` of the Gauge Pointer]({%slug arc-gauge-pointers%}#color).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Set the [`Color` of the Gauge Pointer]({%slug arc-gauge-pointers%}#color).
```

> * Declare an instance of [`TelerikTooltip`]({%slug tooltip-overview%}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Declare an instance of [`TelerikTooltip`]({%slug tooltip-overview%}).
```

> * Set the [`TargetSelector`]({%slug tooltip-overview%}#tooltip-parameters) of the Tooltip to a specific path element within the SVG rendered by the Gauge. Use the specified pointer color in the selector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Set the [`TargetSelector`]({%slug tooltip-overview%}#tooltip-parameters) of the Tooltip to a specific path element within the SVG rendered by the Gauge. Use the specified pointer color in the selector.
```

> The sample below demonstrates Tooltip in Arc Gauge but the approach applies to the other Gauge types as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example below demonstrates how to add a Tooltip to the Arc Gauge. The same approach applies to all other Gauge types.
```

````CSHTML

> @*Tooltip in Arc Gauge*@

Reviewer 2: Consider a `>caption` before the snippet, instead of a comment in the code. These comments are required only when using certain lambda expressions, which break the syntax highlighting.
